the film begins with being shown to a
widower named jihan he worked odd jobs
and became a burden to his aging mother
because of that his wife left him and
married another man and the custody of
their only daughter went to his wife
his wife is now living happily with her
new family with all the misfortune in
his life jihan tries to be a good father
on his daughter's birthday
he was desperate to take his mother's
money to be multiplied in a gamble
luckily he managed to win the gambling
and get quite a lot of money
[Applause]
but as soon as he left the gambling
arena he was immediately chased by loan
sharks who wanted to collect on his debt
seeing the hordes of loan sharks jihan
immediately ran away to save his money
but unfortunately jihan was still caught
he tried to negotiate and was going to
pay half his debt with today's winnings
when he checked the money it turned out
that all the money had disappeared
during the previous chase he had hit a
girl and it turned out that she had
stolen all his money
unable to pay his debts the money lender
forces jihan to sign a contract which
states if jihan cannot pay his debts
shortly then his organs will be removed
and sold
all that misfortune frustrated him
because on her daughter's birthday he
couldn't buy her good food and beautiful
gifts
jihan feels he has failed to be a good
father to his daughter now in his life
all that was left was misfortune and a
debt he would not be able to pay
amid that despair jihan gets a glimmer
of hope at that time a young man gave
him a ticket to enter a game
[Music]
the young man said that if jihan managed
to finish the game there then he would
get a lot of money
hearing that jihan was immediately
interested and followed what the young
man said
long story short jihan and other people
with the same fate seems to have been
taken in a car
they were sedated to maintain the
secrecy of the venue in addition all
their mobile phones and belongings were
also confiscated and will be returned
later when they return home
there were 456 participants gathered in
a large room
the game place is managed by a
mysterious person in a black mask with
his men wearing red clothes
they are very secretive about everything
even their identity should not be known
by anyone
there jihan met several other
participants including sang woo jihan's
childhood friend ilnam the sick
grandfather a foreign worker named ally
a gangster named dok soo a woman named
m.i ryong and a north korean girl named
say book it turns out that say book is
the girl who had previously stolen all
of jihan's money so when he saw her
jihan became very angry but before they
had time to take revenge the committee
came to their room
[Music]
then the committee explained that while
they were there they would play six
games
several rules must be agreed upon by the
players before the tournament starts
where players cannot stop in the middle
of the game then players who refuse to
play will be immediately eliminated and
finally the game will be stopped if the
majority of participants agree after
agreeing to all the conditions the
participants were directed to a
different room to start the first game
the first game they will play is a red
light green light
[Music]
there is a giant robot at the end of the
room that will serve as a guard
when the robot says the green light the
players are allowed to move as fast as
possible so that they get to the finish
line before time runs out but when the
robot says red light the players can't
move at all
if caught by the robot then they are
immediately eliminated
sounds simple enough but the reality is
even more terrifying how not the purpose
of elimination in the game is not only
issued but shot to death
bullets came from various angles and all
of them were arranged so that they
immediately shot anyone who moved during
a red light
because of that the participants were
shocked and scattered across the playing
field
unfortunately that action did not help
them but made them all die in vain
jihan and the few remaining players are
forced to finish the game even though
they have to see hundreds of corpses
lying unkempt around them
they must continue to concentrate on
getting to the finish line safely and
not running out of time
those who have crossed the finish line
before time runs out will be declared
pass from the first game and entitled to
advance to the next game
jihan who was previously left behind
tried to run as fast as possible in his
last seconds
but unfortunately he almost slipped and
fell
luckily ali tang was behind jihan
managed to pull his shirt so he could
survive and finally escaped in the first
game
i love
you meanwhile those who were still left
due to running out of time were
immediately declared defeated and shot
one by one
later completing the first game the
participants were again collected in
their rooms
of the 456 participants now only 201 are
left
the remaining participants were
terrified because of what happened in
the first game
as a result they all ended it by voting
before voting the committee reminded
them that now the prizes collected have
reached more than 25 billion
it is accumulated with the number of
participants who have fallen and if they
choose to quit the game then they will
be sent home without carrying a penny
that of course made them all shaky but
in the end with only one vote difference
they agreed to end the game
later the agreement the participants
were finally sent back to their
respective areas
the next day jihan decides to go to the
police station to report the previous
cruel game syndicate
he also told all the events from the
beginning they were taken until they
were returned home
the police who heard all the stories
couldn't help but laugh
then jihan gives the game ticket he
previously got from the mysterious young
man
there is a phone number where you can be
contacted but when the police tried to
confirm the number it was just an
ordinary woman who picked it up
this makes the police angry with jihan
and thinks he is crazy
not long after a policeman named june ho
just arrived at the police station
for some reason he is interested in the
game tickets brought by jihan and he
asks the police for jihan's identity who
listened to jihan's story before
june ho seems to know something odd
about the game and unexpectedly he also
has the same ticket as jihan's
the ticket was found to belong to him
his long-lost brother
june ho felt that his brother must be at
the game venue
elsewhere jihan returns home feeling
confused looking for his mother it turns
out that jihan's mother is currently
hospitalized due to acute diabetes
even the doctor advised him to
immediately perform surgery however the
mother chose to go home because she
could not afford to pay for treatment at
the hospital
it makes jihan sad and disappointed in
himself
he even dared to borrow money from his
ex-wife to pay for his mother's medical
payments
but all he gets is insults from his
ex-wife's new husband and even his
ex-wife also forbids jihan to approach
his biological daughter
it also makes jihan angry and
immediately beats the man now jihan
realizes that what the game committee
said is true the outside world is much
crueler than what is happening out there
they will still be chased by debt and
die at the needles of money lenders all
the harsh realities of the world also
make jihan and the others interested in
rey entering the game arena
[Music]
the night they all gathered and were
picked up like when they first
participated but what is different is
that they are better prepared because
they already know what will happen in it
from another direction june ho also
infiltrated the car
this time he is determined to get into
the game arena to find his missing
brother
he also beat up a committee member and
took his costume so he could disguise
himself without anyone knowing
as usual the participants were again
gathered in a large room but
unexpectedly some of them came with the
preparation of carrying a weapon or
small items they needed
from the initial 201 participants there
are now 187 people who decided to take
part again which means the prize also
increases at the same time the confused
june hoe now has to disguise himself as
a committee member in the game hall in
the evening sey bjerk carrying a small
knife went to the toilet and tried to
sneak through the vent with mi rieung's
help they managed to get into the vent
and see what was happening in the other
room
[Music]
there she saw the organizers making a
large-scale candy bar but she didn't
know what to do with all the sugar
the next day the participants were
prepared and gathered to play the second
game
before starting the game saying woo
asked sabjuk about what she saw last
night
she also said that this game must be his
childhood game meanwhile say book who is
from north korea will have a hard time
therefore sebyak informed seng wu that
the committee is making cotton candy
after hearing that seng wu immediately
remembered about his childhood game
where there is melted sugar that is
given in different forms their job is to
scrape the sugar according to its shape
that's why he deliberately took the
triangular shape because it was the
easiest form but strangely sangwoo
doesn't tell his closest friends about
it and instead lets them choose
difficult shapes such as jihan taking
the shape of an umbrella and hillman's
grandfather taking the shape of a star
participants have 10 minutes to complete
the game this time for participants who
fail to make the appropriate form then
they will be immediately eliminated or
shot
this also made the other participants
panicked and even more scared they all
tried their best to get the pattern they
wanted then m.i riyoung is seen using
her lighter to heat the needle so that
the cotton candy is easier to melt
[Music]
participants who took the easy forms one
by one began to successfully complete
the mission safely
but the problem is that the participants
take on difficult forms plus they are
also being chased by less time in the
process of the game june ho began to be
suspected by other committees because he
looked confused and did not know his
duties there
at the last minute jihan also gets a
brilliant idea so he can complete the
mission quickly
at that time he saw that their cotton
candy already had a pattern so all they
had to do was lick the cotton candy
until it could be separated from the
pattern
it was the quickest way they could at
this point if they wanted to survive
the other participants who saw jihan
immediately followed the trick
[Music]
unexpectedly it really helped them and
several participants including jihan and
grandpa ilnam managed to complete the
mission safely however there was one
participant who failed to try to fight a
committee therefore the other committee
members immediately shot the other
participants so that they would not have
a chance to fight back
the participant pointed a gun at the
committee and asked him to take off his
mask however as soon as he took off his
mask he was immediately shot by the
organizers of the game so all the
organizers there have an agreement that
they are prohibited from removing their
masks or identities in the game hall
except when they are in their rooms and
alone
all this is done to maintain the
confidentiality of the game